I have read the Zeileis paper, but I can't really think of anything  
much to say about it. I have never refereed this sort of article  
before, and I don't know what the criteria for acceptance are.

As far as I can tell, the author's sandwich package does something  
useful. I assume that it works as advertised. Since I find R  
mysterious and very hard to use, I do not have the energy to try to  
see if it actually works, and I certainly do not have the energy to  
compare its results with those from any other program.

This paper is apparently an extension of a 2004 paper by the same  
author, which is also in the J. of Stat. Software, and there seems to  
be considerable overlap. I may well be mistaken, but it seems to me  
that only the extensions to nonlinear models are new. As far as I can  
tell, the "sandwich" package dates back at least to 2004, but it has  
presumably been enhanced since then. Just what enhancements have  
occurred, and when, I have no idea.

I know that I really ought to read this paper and the 2004 paper with  
care, so as to see just what is new, and experiment with the package  
to see how well it works. But, quite frankly, I have many other  
things to, including more interesting papers to referee. Short of  
paying a graduate student to work on this for a week, I don't see  
what to do. But if I could find a graduate student who was actually  
willing to do some work, this is not what I would have them work on!

There is at least one typo ("addtion" instead of "addition" on page  
7). Also, I found "useR" and "developeR" (page 9) annoyingly cute. Is  
this a standard affectation in the R world, or is it the author's own  
invention?
